[Music]
see something anything
so you two or yeah and have you and no
no no but if I haven't walked in here
would you probably know
this is not how we wanted you to find
out about this you have every right to
go nuts
I'm not going nuts do you see me going
nuts no but you know what I mean hey hey
hey if you two are happy then I'm happy
for you absolutely loud and squeaky cuz
really I'm fine
I'm saying I wasn't a little surprised
to see you guys kissing I mean at first
I was
but now that I've had time to absorb it
loving this it's all working out
me and Charlie and YouTube you know what
we should do calm ourselves we should
dinner yes we'll do it tomorrow night
Oh cook look don't you think that'll be
a little weird weird
what what's weird the only thing weird
would be if someone didn't like Mexican
food because I'm making fajitas